Run EA container + managed by fleet + standalone + autodiscovery (#2366)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/elastic-agent/running-on-kubernetes-managed-by-fleet.asciidoc

[[running-on-kubernetes-managed-by-fleet]]
= Run {agent} on Kubernetes managed by {fleet}

> 

Reviewer: I agree. Let's follow the structure we have at https://github.com/elastic/observability-docs/pull/2335 and https://github.com/elastic/observability-docs/pull/2360

> 

Author: I changed the order. Since the GKE and EKS pages state kube state metrics as a pre requisite, I removed its deployment as a step. I also removed all the steps from those pages as they said the same thing as running-on-kubernetes-managed-by-fleet.asciidoc, and added a new line pointing to that page. I left the unique parts as they were.

> 

Reviewer 2: Thank you @constanca-m big improvement indeed. So I review this last commit https://github.com/elastic/observability-docs/blob/4f97593c515df8955294c25fcf249139836071a1/docs/en/ingest-management/elastic-agent/running-on-kubernetes-managed-by-fleet.asciidoc
Small improvements:

- Step 1: Download the {agent} manifest should go before Step 5. Deploy Agent
- Added some suggestions as well below
- Also `== Step 4: Configure tolerations` can not be a seperate step? Can be part of Manifest step?

> 

Author: 1. Since the steps 3 and 4 mention settings and configurations of the manifest file, it seems confusing to give the reader a way to reach it only after we have mentioned those. What do you think @gizas?
2. Liked the suggestions, committed.
3. I guess it could, but it doesn't really relate with the previous steps: settings and agent policy. And this way we also can keep the same structure we used for agent container and standalone agent. But if this doesn't convince you, I can switch the order.

:manifest: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/elastic/elastic-agent/{branch}/deploy/kubernetes/elastic-agent-managed-kubernetes.yaml

== What you need

- https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/[kubectl installed].

- {es} for storing and searching your data, and {kib} for visualizing and managing it.
+
--
include::{observability-docs-root}/docs/en/shared/spin-up-the-stack/widget.asciidoc[]
--

- `kube-state-metrics`.
+
include::run-container-common/deploy-kube-state-metrics.asciidoc[]

[discrete]
== Step 1: Download the {agent} manifest

include::run-container-common/download-elastic-agent.asciidoc[]

[discrete]
== Step 2: Configure {agent} policy

> The {agent} needs to be assigned to a policy to enable the proper inputs. To achieve Kubernetes observability, the policy would need to have the Kubernetes integration. Refer to <<create-a-policy>> and <<add-integration>> to learn how to enable the https://docs.elastic.co/en/integrations/kubernetes[Kubernetes integration].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The {agent} needs to be assigned to a policy to enable the proper inputs. To achieve Kubernetes observability, the policy needs to include the Kubernetes integration. 
In more details:
- <<create-a-policy>> and 
- <<add-integration>> to learn how to configure the https://docs.elastic.co/en/integrations/kubernetes[Kubernetes integration].
```

[discrete]
== Step 3: Enroll {agent} to the policy

> {agent} is enrolled to a running {fleet-server} using `FLEET_URL` parameter. The `FLEET_ENROLLMENT_TOKEN` parameter is used to connect {agent} to a specific {agent} policy. To specify different destination/credentials, change the following parameters in the manifest file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enrollment of an {agent} is defined as the action to register a specific agent to a running {fleet-server}. 

{agent} is enrolled to a running {fleet-server} by using `FLEET_URL` parameter. Additionally, the `FLEET_ENROLLMENT_TOKEN` parameter is used to connect {agent} to a specific {agent} policy. 

A new `FLEET_ENROLLMENT_TOKEN` will be created upon new policy creation and will be inserted inside the Elastic Agent Manifest during the Guided installation

Find more information for [Enrollment Tokens](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/fleet/current/fleet-enrollment-tokens.html)

To specify different destination/credentials, change the following parameters in the manifest file:
```

- {es} for storing and searching your data, and {kib} for visualizing and managing it.
+
--
include::{observability-docs-root}/docs/en/shared/spin-up-the-stack/widget.asciidoc[]
--

- `kube-state-metrics`.
+
include::run-container-common/deploy-kube-state-metrics.asciidoc[]

[discrete]
== Step 1: Download the {agent} manifest

include::run-container-common/download-elastic-agent.asciidoc[]

[discrete]
== Step 2: Configure {agent} policy

The {agent} needs to be assigned to a policy to enable the proper inputs. To achieve Kubernetes observability, the policy needs to include the Kubernetes integration. 
In more details:
- <<create-a-policy>> and 
- <<add-integration>> to learn how to configure the https://docs.elastic.co/en/integrations/kubernetes[Kubernetes integration].

[discrete]
== Step 3: Enroll {agent} to the policy

Enrollment of an {agent} is defined as the action to register a specific agent to a running {fleet-server}. 

{agent} is enrolled to a running {fleet-server} by using `FLEET_URL` parameter. Additionally, the `FLEET_ENROLLMENT_TOKEN` parameter is used to connect {agent} to a specific {agent} policy. 

> A new `FLEET_ENROLLMENT_TOKEN` will be created upon new policy creation and will be inserted inside the Elastic Agent Manifest during the Guided installation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A new `FLEET_ENROLLMENT_TOKEN` will be created upon new policy creation and will be inserted inside the Elastic Agent Manifest during the Guided installation.
```

> Find more information for [Enrollment Tokens](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/fleet/current/fleet-enrollment-tokens.html)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Find more information for https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/fleet/current/fleet-enrollment-tokens.html[Enrollment Tokens]
```
